add new prefab system doc (#1489)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/asset/prefab.md

# Prefab

Prefab is used to store some scene objects that can be reused, it can contain nodes, components, and data in components. The instances generated by the prefab asset can not only inherit the data of the template, but also have it's own customized data modification.

## Basic Concepts

> Name|Description|Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Name|Description|Example
```

> ---|---|---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:---|:---|:---
```

> Prefab Asset|The asset of prefab in `Assets` panel. I's the serialize file of Prefab.|![](prefab/prefab-asset.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefab Asset|The asset of prefab in **Assets** panel, which is the serialize file of Prefab.|![](prefab/prefab-asset.png)
```

## Creating a Prefab

After editing the __Node__ in the __Scene__, drag the __Nodes__ directly from the __Hierarchy__ panel to the __Assets__ panel to complete the creation of the __Prefab__. After the creation is complete, the original __Node__ will automatically become a __Prefab Instance__, its root node is currently marked in bright green, and its child nodes are dark green.

![](prefab/create-prefab.gif)

## Using Prefabs

Drag a __Node__ from the __Assets__ panel to the __Hierarchy__ panel or the __Scene__ panel to create a __Prefab Node__ in the __Scene__.

In the __Scene__, the __Prefab Instance__ objects data source comes from the deserialization of the __Prefab Asset__ , so its data is synchronized with the __Prefab Asset__ by default. If the attributes in the prefab instance are modified, the modified data will be stored In the __Prefab Instance__, it will not affect the __Prefab Asset__ and the data of other __Prefab Instance__ generated by it.

![](prefab/use-prefab.gif)

## Entering prefab editing mode

> __Double-click__ the __Prefab Asset__ in the __Assets__ panel to switch from __Scene__ editing mode to __Prefab editing__ mode. You can edit the __Prefab Assets__ in the __Editor__. After editing, click __Save Prefab__ in the __Scene editor__ to save the edited __Prefab Assets__. __Next__, click __Close__ to return to the __Scene__ editing mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Double-click__ the __Prefab Asset__ in the __Assets__ panel to switch from __Scene__ editing mode to __Prefab editing__ mode. You can edit the __Prefab Assets__ in the __Editor__. After editing, click __Save__ button in the __Scene__ panel to save the edited __Prefab Assets__. Next, click __Close__ button to return to the Scene editing mode.

```

![](prefab/prefab-edit-mode.gif)

## Status of prefab nodes

__Prefab Nodes__ in the __Inspector__ panel render __green__ to indicate normal association with assets and render __red__ to indicate that the associated assets no longer exist.

## Editing Prefab Nodes in a Scene

### General Operations

> In the __Hierarchy__ panel, select the __Prefab Node__, and notice there are several buttons that can be clicked at the top of the __Inspector__ panel. If you move the mouse over, there will be a text prompt for these functions. The following image describes the functions of the buttons in the red frame area:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In the __Hierarchy__ panel, select the __Prefab Node__, and notice there are several buttons that can be clicked at the top of the __Inspector__ panel:
```

![](prefab/edit-prefab.png)

Icon|Description

> ---|---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:---|:---
```

![](prefab/unlink-prefab-button.png)|Revert to __normal node__. __Prefab Instance__ can become ordinary __Nodes__, that is, completely separated from the relationship between assets. This function is also available in the top-level menu `Node`.
![](prefab/locate-prefab-button.png)|Locating assets.Its convenient to quickly locate __Prefab Asset__ in the __Assets__ panel.
![](prefab/revert-prefab-button.png)|Restore from asset. Restore the data of the current __Prefab Instance__ to the data in the __Prefab Asset__, but the name, location, and rotation will not be restored.
![](prefab/apply-prefab-button.png)|Update to asset. Update all data of the current __Prefab Instance__ to the associated __Prefab Asset__.

### Add New Node

> A new node added under the __Prefab Instance__ will have a `+` sign in the lower right corner of the node name. Its data is stored under the __Prefab Instance__, so it will not affect the data of the associated __Prefab Asset__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

A new node added under the __Prefab Instance__ will have a **+** sign in the lower right corner of the node name. Its data is stored under the __Prefab Instance__, so it will not affect the data of the associated __Prefab Asset__.
```

![](prefab/prefab-mounted-children.png)

## Some Current Restrictions

> - Add/remove components in the __Prefab Instance__

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Add/remove components in the __Prefab Instance__
```

:---|:---|:---
Prefab Asset|The asset of prefab in **Assets** panel, which is the serialize file of Prefab.|![](prefab/prefab-asset.png)
Prefab Instance|When the __Prefab Asset__ is drag to the `Hierarchy` panel, it will generate a __Prefab Instance__.Its root node is currently marked in bright green, and its child nodes are dark green|![](prefab/prefab-instance.png)
Prefab Editing Mode|Double-click the __Prefab Asset__ to enter the prefab editing mode. At this time, all non-nested prefab nodes are displayed in dark green|![](prefab/prefab-edit-mode.png)
Nested Prefab Instance|When a child node in a __Prefab Asset__ is an instance of another __Prefab Asset__, we call this child prefab a nested prefab instance|![](prefab/nested-prefab.png)

## Creating a Prefab

After editing the __Node__ in the __Scene__, drag the __Nodes__ directly from the __Hierarchy__ panel to the __Assets__ panel to complete the creation of the __Prefab__. After the creation is complete, the original __Node__ will automatically become a __Prefab Instance__, its root node is currently marked in bright green, and its child nodes are dark green.

![](prefab/create-prefab.gif)

## Using Prefabs

> Drag a __Node__ from the __Assets__ panel to the __Hierarchy__ panel or the __Scene__ panel to create a __Prefab Node__ in the __Scene__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drag a __Prefab Asset__ from the __Assets__ panel to the __Hierarchy__ panel or the __Scene__ panel to create a __Prefab Node__ in the __Scene__.

```
